(IMPORTANT NOTE: To run this program, you must install your own z-code
interpreter. You need to have a binary named "frotz" in your path, otherwise
the IDE will not start. This is temporary, because in a later version the code
for the interpreters will be incorporated into the program itself.)

This GNOME version of Inform 7 was created by P.F. Chimento, based on a design
by Graham Nelson and Andrew Hunter. Much of the code was borrowed from Andrew
Hunter's Mac OS X version and David Kinder's Windows version.

Version 0.3 of GNOME Inform 7 was released in May 2007, fixing most of the major
bugs that were brought to my attention in version 0.2. GNOME Inform 7 started in
August 2006 when I started designing the user interface purely to kill some
time. I then started actually writing it because I was surprised how easy it
was. Also, it was a good excuse to learn GTK+. By now, most features from the
official Inform 7 version, except for the Skein and Transcript, are included.
Most importantly, it now runs the native Linux Inform 7 binaries compiled by
Adam Thornton. Please help me by reporting bugs to <philip.chimento@gmail.com>.

Also, there are some shortcomings which I suppose don't count as bugs, as I am
aware of them and have left them to be addressed in a subsequent version (or
not at all):

* There is no Skein and no Transcript. (I hope to have ported these by version
  0.5.)
* The Replay command therefore doesn't replay through the skein; it just
  repeats the commands from the last time the game was played.
* The Replay command doesn't work at all if your frotz interpreter does not
  run in a terminal (e.g., Gargoyle).
* The syntax highlighting doesn't work quite the same way as in the OS X and
  Windows versions; I found it useful to highlight `if', `otherwise', `begin'
  and `end if' in another color. Also, nested comments are not highlighted
  correctly; this is a limitation of GtkSourceView.
* On the Installed Extensions page, all the extensions will be listed as
  overridden by a locally installed version. This is a limitation of the
  compiler.
